Karol Miner 

336 W. Chugalug Way, Sentinel, WY  33666
c: 444-222-4339 e: karmin@southwbell.net


Objective

Process management opportunity that utilizes my communication and analytical skills to influence organizational growth and bottom line profitability.

Achievements

Research Information and Analyze Options 

Researched and purchased better heat exchanger that alleviated our heat loading problem.  Saved company four to six hours of downtime per eight-hour shift and improved product yield at extruder.
Purchased and refurbished used gearbox as spare.  Saved 12 days downtime and eliminated risk involved to rebuild critical pieces of equipment.  During emergency rebuild we are down 2 days rather than 2 weeks.

Manage People and Projects 

Successfully led refurbishment campaign on all three extruder gearboxes.  Pro-active rebuild of  gearboxes puts downtime at two days rather than two weeks.
Reallocated resources during two-week annual shutdown so that no down time was encountered and all projects finished on time.

Extrapolate Essential Data 

Proved that product quality issue was not due to equipment processing parameters.  Product design team discovered fault in their print test methods.
Evaluated trends of real time data on AFG grinder.  Proactive identification of problem prevented  coarse particle contamination.  

Effective Communication Throughout the Organization 

Implemented safety related information to senior staff, peers and subordinates.
Frequently requested to explain processing issues involving  extruder and batching processes. 


Experience

Senior Process Engineer / Technical Support, 2005 – Present
Zezee Corporation
Process Engineer / Technical Support, 2000 – 2005
Zezee Corporation
Technical Professional, 1997 – 2000
Halogen Energy Services


Education

BS  Chemical Engineering, 1996
University of Missouri – Rolla, Rolla, MO


Professional Development

Xerox &ndash; Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt - Xerox Corporation                                                      
ISO 9001:2000 &ndash; Internal Audits for Organizational Success Paradigms, Inc.